h1. Reposman for ChiliProject

<pre>
Synopsis
--------

  reposman: Manage and create Repositories for ChiliProject

Usage
-----

  reposman [OPTIONS] -b [DIR] -h [URL]

  Examples:
    reposman --repo-base=/var/lib/git --chiliproject=chili.example.net --svm=git
    reposman -b /var/lib/svn -h chili.example.net -u http://svn.example.net --scm=subversion

Arguments (mandatory)
---------------------

  -b, --repo-base=DIR       Use DIR as base directories for repositories
  -h, --chiliproject=HOST   Assume ChiliProject is hosted at URL. Repositories
                            will be registered there. Examples:
                              -c http://chili.example.net
                              -c https://example.net/chiliproject

  -k, --key=KEY             Use KEY as the ChiliProject Repository API key

Options
-------

  -o, --owner=OWNER         Owner of the created repositories. Default: current user
  -g, --group=GROUP         Group of the created repositories. Default: current group
  -m, --mode=MODE           The file mode the repository is created with.

  Owner and Group can only be changed if this script runs as root. Consider
  in your choices that depending on your setup, the Apache user (e.g. www-data)
  has to read and write to the repositories while the ChiliProject user
  (e.g. chiliproject) has to read it.

  --scm=SCM                 The type of repository to create and register to
                              ChiliProject. Default: Subversion
                              reposman is able to create Git or Subversion
                              repositories. You can use other types known to
                              ChiliProject but have to specify the --command
                              option to create these
  -c, --command=COMMAND     Override the command used to create a repository.
                              If used it will override the default command from
                              the --scm option.
  -u, --url=URL             The base URL ChiliProject will use to access the
                              repositories. If this option is not set, reposman
                              won't register the repositories.
                              Examples:
                                -u https://example.net/svn
                                -u file:///var/lib/svn
                                -u /var/lib/git
  -f, --force               Force repository creation eben if the project
                              repository is already configured in ChiliProject
  -t, --test                Only show what should be done
  -v, --verbose             Show more log information
  -q, --quiet               Don't log anything

  -V, --version             Print version and exit
  --help                    Show this help and exit

References
----------

You can find more information on the project's wiki at

  https://www.chiliproject.org/projects/reposman/wiki
</pre>